Hello and welcome back.
Now we're going to go over the same problem.
We're going to be using the same first part of the Jupiter notebook we used in previous years but now
we're going to apply decision trees.
That's another possible machine learning classification along with.
Let's start by commenting our code rule then import that decision tree classifier that is already implemented
for us in the psyche library.
We will also create a new decision tree classifier and put that into a bio called Decision Tree.
We will also trying using different methods say must be for this we need the x train y train Bibles
we will need to transform the Y trend Bael into a valid input.
You will see that it will only need a few seconds to fit that data set.
Meanwhile we can continue with our code.
We will define wiper a viable use in that part of the method on that decision tree.
We will apply this to the next test buyable.
We can do this to measure our performance.
You know what test that this does.
We will use the score Meffert that we think that will lead the X test and why test Bibles but we will
also want to see our confusion matrix.
This will not be enough.
We just use the same code as before we will just copy and pasted and we will now get the prediction
for the entire data set using the same method.
We will get the expected why in abundance.
And then we will create the confusion matrix with this information
okay that's done we also need to validate our predictions just always and after this we can call our
bloods Confucian matrix function
right.
It's almost done
we will pass it.
They can confuse my cheeks with just calculated on the expected class.
It will just take a moment and we will be able to see the oversouls and it seems that we got really
good results only 47 out of the almost five hundred further transactions were incorrectly label.